looking after the colonel
seven look at that Lana here shoot him
we don't get the goal what code
composition like you might be interested
in helping me out oh I want you to set
up a barrage if you whisper one word
about the goal to these guys I'm gonna
have you bounce from this outfit so fast
your feet will even touch the ground
okay Kelly what is it
I want the intelligence report for this
whole sector and I need a minute two
hours that's nice
what's in it for me
it's find enemy lines I got three
Sherman's outside
his name's oddball a Sherman can give
you a very nice edge these are my boys
and stop yeah all right
look maybe I'm trying to hung up I need
about 60 feet of bridge listen kid they
haven't got you back in enough water
they can have thing I don't need you 60
feet of bridge I can pick up almost
anywhere schmuck all right all right
I need at least a hundred guys what do I
find the hundred men just like that
well I'll better show up Kelly my hair
is Dillon covered
I'm sure rough chicken hey nobody said
anything about flopping is plated
caliber machine gun all over the country
I'm making $50 if you carry the machine
three Sherman
I'll be with him
who's that bunch of refugees over there
you see we're just a private enterprise
operation
those priests that a Nanami it's a
circus
it could be the perfect crime